1. ASCII value of each character in a string (also the space).
2. Reverse a string without inbuilt function.
3. Extract a numbers in a sentence ans reverse it.
4. Read a string and reverse only the numers in the string.
5. Sum of consecutive numbers in an array without using the loop.
6. Sum of first n natural numers in the array.
7. Sum of missing numbers in consecutive series.
8. Count of missing numbers in the list.
9. Sum of elements below the diagonal.
10. Print the matrix in spiral form.
11. Print each row in the matrix in zigzag (1-l->r , 2- r->l)
12. Count of palindromes in a string.
13. Count of anagram words in a sentence.
14. Print the possible palindrome words in a sentence.
15. Read a string replace the vowels with 'A', consonants and digits with 'a', space and special characters with 'A', count the occurrences of both a's.


1. write a program to print the elements with first largets and first smallest as a list in adjacent manner.
2. write a program to count the vowels, consonants, digits, special characters if all sum  = double digit then add sum of digits.
3. write a program to read a string, reverse the alternate characters in it.
4. write a progam to read a string and print the words that has consecutie vowels on it.
5. write a program to read a matrix and sum each row of the matrix.
6. write a program to read a matrix and sum each column of the matrix.
7. write a program to read a string and extract the numbers in it and perform reverse number.
8. write a program to perform sum of squares of individual digits.
9. Alternate digits in a number.
10. write a program to read an array and perform even numbers sorting.

11. Write a program to print the elements from both the end of the array.
12. develop a program to check which end of the list has max element , remoe the max and check max elementin both sides untill the size becomes 1.
13. Develop a program to read a 2D array and print each row in the fashion that elements at the end should be printed first.
14. To sort the 2D array.



1.reverse an array.
2.separate even and odd elements in the array.
3.arrange the elements in the array 0 in right ans 1 in left
4. read a sentence reverse individual words in the sentence
5. read a sentence sort the words in alphabet order
6. read a 2D array and print the diagonal and anti diagonal find the abs difference between primary and sec diagonal elements
7.reverse the 2D array  1. row reverse 2. column reverse
9.read a string to print the consecutive consonants in words 
10.a10 a will print in 10 times

Questions :
1.list and arraylist
2.what is string
3. what is inheritance.
4. differenvce between arrray and linked list.
5. memory heap and stack.



1. Level completion data structure, 
2. Interview preparations
3. courses completion
4. c aptitude
5. Communication
6. Acheivements